# Solution to Project: Off-Platform Project: What's the Hottest City?

Use the weather utility from Bash-Snippets to gather and sort temperature data from multiple cities.

# Project Objectives

This project, which you’ll complete in a Linux environment, reviews the bash scripting skills you’ve learned thus far. You will be creating a bash script that:

* Fetches forecast temperatures for multiple cities.
* Saves those temperatures to a file.
* Sorts the cities based on their temperatures.

You will install and use a modified version of the `weather` bash script from [Bash-Snippets](https://github.com/alexanderepstein/Bash-Snippets) to gather the required forecast information. The `weather` script gets the location from the user and sends it to the [wttr.in](https://wttr.in/) API. The API returns a detailed weather forecast of the specified location.

---

# Project Setup

Even though the wttr.in API is highly customizable, the original `weather` script is not. This is why we made our own version of the `weather` command which can show a much simpler output such as: `Paris +39°F`.

---

# Install Modified weather Script

Let’s begin by opening up a terminal inside VirtualBox Ubuntu Desktop and:

* Download our modified `weather` script using the command

```
wget https://static-assets.codecademy.com/Courses/learn-linux/weather-offplatform-project/weather.sh  
```

Solution: 



*  Give it executable permissions using the command:
```
    chmod +x weather.sh.
```

* See the usage of our script with:

```
./weather.sh -h.
```

We retained the original functionality of the weather utility while adding an option, `-s`, to show a simpler output. Try out the script with and without the `-s` option. You could try some of the examples below:

* `./weather.sh`
* `./weather.sh Tokyo`
* `./weather.sh -s Tokyo`

Notice the original output is quite fancy, which makes it challenging to filter out the temperature.











